[Merged by Bors] - Add "how to adopt pull requests" section (#6895)
bevyengine/bevy: CONTRIBUTING.md

Finally, if nothing brings you more satisfaction than seeing every last issue labeled and all resolved issues closed, feel free to message @cart for a Bevy org role to help us keep things tidy.
As discussed in [*How we're organized*](#how-were-organized), this role only requires good faith and a basic understanding of our development process.

### How to adopt pull requests

> When you want to contribute pull request with the label *S-Adopt-Me*, to preserve the credit of the original authors, you must reference the PR hash in the description.

Reviewer: You could probably add a link to the [`S-Adopt-Me`](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/labels/S-Adopt-Me) label. That way, people reading this section can see which PRs are up for adoption.

> When you want to contribute pull request with the label *S-Adopt-Me*, to preserve the credit of the original authors, you must reference the PR hash in the description.

Reviewer 2: Preferably adopters should build off of the existing commits of the original author. This should mention pulling down the commits of the original PR as a base and rebasing into `main` to preserve the commit history and credit of the original author.

Reviewer 3: This is not always necessarily practical- the largest blocker to #5373 was a need for a rebase upon mainline, and squash-reduction to a single commit aided in that rebase significantly when creating #6853. If this is a preference, that's fine, but I'd avoid elevating it to a hard requirement.

Author: > This is not always necessarily practical- the largest blocker to #5373 was a need for a rebase upon mainline, and squash-reduction to a single commit aided in that rebase significantly when creating #6853. If this is a preference, that's fine, but I'd avoid elevating it to a hard requirement.

Hello @Dessix, did you comment in the correct PR? I didn't understand your comment...

Reviewer 3: > Preferably adopters should build off of the existing commits of the original author.

@oCaioOliveira To rephrase my prior comment: "Reusing the original commits is sometimes hard".

Reviewer 4: Yep, IMO this should be noted as a preference, not a requirement.

> When you want to contribute pull request with the label *[S-Adopt-Me](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/labels/S-Adopt-Me)*, to preserve the credit, it's necessary to fork the original author's branch to maintain commits. When the new one is ready must reference the initial PR hash in the description and conferring with org members to close the original.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These PRs are labeled with *[S-Adopt-Me](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/labels/S-Adopt-Me)*. It's best practice to fork the original author's branch. This ensures that they still get credit for working on it and that the commit history is retained. When the new pull request is ready, it should reference the original PR in the description. Then notify org members to close the original.
```

Finally, if nothing brings you more satisfaction than seeing every last issue labeled and all resolved issues closed, feel free to message @cart for a Bevy org role to help us keep things tidy.
As discussed in [*How we're organized*](#how-were-organized), this role only requires good faith and a basic understanding of our development process.

### How to adopt pull requests

> Occasionally authors of pull requests get busy or become unresponsive. This is a natural part of any open source project. To avoid blocking these efforts, these pull requests may be *adopted*, where another contributor creates a new pull request with the same content. If there is an old Pull request without the label that is without updates, comment to the organization whether it is appropriate to add the *[S-Adopt-Me](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/labels/S-Adopt-Me)* label, to indicate that it can be *adopted*.

Reviewer: I think there's two things a person can:
1. As you mentioned, they can ask an org member if a given PR could use the label (this generally happens on Discord)
2. If they want to pick it up themselves, they should likely leave a comment on the PR asking the author if they plan on returning to the PR and if they can adopt it. If the author gives permission to adopt or simply doesn't respond after some time (maybe a few days?), they may then continue to adopt the PR.

You pretty much have 1 written down here, but 2 is another thing users can do to adopt a PR (and this may sometimes even skip the labeling).

> Sidenote: I know this file doesn't necessarily follow this style, but I’d recommend splitting these longer paragraphs over multiple lines (with no empty lines between). This allows markdown to still treat it as a single paragraph, but makes it easier for reviewers to leave comments on particular sentences or phrases— both for this PR and all future ones that modify these lines.

Author: The 2 was resolved as you asked, can you check please?

Author: We followed your suggestion of splitting these longer paragraphs over multiple lines, but the CI / markdownlint (pull_request) accused as errors. So we needed to maintain a paragraph.

Reviewer: Looks like the reason for the error was because of some spacing issues. It's telling you to remove trailing spaces on lines:

```diff
- Here is a sentence. 
+ Here is a sentence.
And here is another.
```

It also is suggested to add blank lines between lists and code blocks:

````diff
Here is some code:
+
```
fn foo() {}
```
````

With this label added, it's best practice to fork the original author's branch. This ensures that they still get credit for working on it and that the commit history is retained. When the new pull request is ready, it should reference the original PR in the description. Then notify org members to close the original.

> * Example: `Adopted #number-original-pull-request`

Reviewer: Nit: This could maybe use a bit more context:
````suggestion
* For example, you can reference the original PR by adding the following to your PR description:
```
Adopted #number-original-pull-request
```
````

> * Example: `Adopted #number-original-pull-request`

Reviewer: Nit: Not super required, but sometimes people at-mention the original author in their PR description to further give back some credit to that author. Is this something we should add here? Or is it mainly a preference thing that users can decide for themselves (and so we can exclude it from this document)?

Author: We put this part with examples just because in the description of issue (#5539) it asked for *"correct way to "adopt a PR" that also preserves credit of the original authors"*. Do you think this part may be deleted?

Finally, if nothing brings you more satisfaction than seeing every last issue labeled and all resolved issues closed, feel free to message @cart for a Bevy org role to help us keep things tidy.
As discussed in [*How we're organized*](#how-were-organized), this role only requires good faith and a basic understanding of our development process.

### How to adopt pull requests

> Occasionally authors of pull requests get busy or become unresponsive. This is a natural part of any open source project. To avoid blocking these efforts, these pull requests may be *adopted*, where another contributor creates a new pull request with the same content. If there is an old Pull request without the label that is without updates, comment to the organization whether it is appropriate to add the *[S-Adopt-Me](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/labels/S-Adopt-Me)* label, to indicate that it can be *adopted*. Otherwise, should leave a comment on the PR asking the author if they plan on returning, if the author gives permission or simply doesn't respond after few days, then it can be adopted. This may sometimes even skip the labeling since at that point the PR has been adopted.

Reviewer: Note: I [replied](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/6895#discussion_r1051688266) to your comment.

Not a blocker, but I still think it would be beneficial to add a new line after each sentence/phrase. It will make future review much simpler!

> Occasionally authors of pull requests get busy or become unresponsive. This is a natural part of any open source project. To avoid blocking these efforts, these pull requests may be *adopted*, where another contributor creates a new pull request with the same content. If there is an old Pull request without the label that is without updates, comment to the organization whether it is appropriate to add the *[S-Adopt-Me](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/labels/S-Adopt-Me)* label, to indicate that it can be *adopted*. Otherwise, should leave a comment on the PR asking the author if they plan on returning, if the author gives permission or simply doesn't respond after few days, then it can be adopted. This may sometimes even skip the labeling since at that point the PR has been adopted.

Reviewer 5: > Occasionally authors of pull requests get busy or become unresponsive. 

This could make it seems like it's all on the authors shoulders... Sometimes it's also on the project side that we fail to reply in a timely manner

Author: Changes have been done @mockersf.

Finally, if nothing brings you more satisfaction than seeing every last issue labeled and all resolved issues closed, feel free to message @cart for a Bevy org role to help us keep things tidy.
As discussed in [*How we're organized*](#how-were-organized), this role only requires good faith and a basic understanding of our development process.

### How to adopt pull requests

> Occasionally authors of pull requests get busy or become unresponsive.

Reviewer 5: this is still putting all the fault on PR authors

> Occasionally authors of pull requests get busy or become unresponsive.

Reviewer 5: this is still putting all the fault on PR authors

Author: Sorry, we were sure we had committed the changes, now it's there.

> Occasionally authors of pull requests get busy or become unresponsive, in other hand, on the project side, sometimes members fail to reply in a timely manner.

Reviewer: Nit: Minor phrasing suggestion
```suggestion
Occasionally authors of pull requests get busy, become unresponsive, or simply do not receive review/approval in a timely manner.
```

(may want to double-check with @mockersf, though)

Reviewer 5: your suggestion looks good!

Author: Done @mockersf and @MrGVSV.

### How to adopt pull requests

> Occasionally authors of pull requests get busy or become unresponsive, in other hand, on the project side, sometimes members fail to reply in a timely manner.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Occasionally authors of pull requests get busy or become unresponsive, or project members fail to reply in a timely manner.
```

Reviewer 4: Just cleaning up the wording a bit then this LGTM!

Author: Done! Thanks for the suggestion.
